BD-CATS-IO Benchmark
================================================================================

This is the IO kernel from the [BD-CATS clustering system][1], authored by Md.
Mostofa Ali Patwary, Suren Byna, Nadathur Rajagopalan Satish, Narayanan Sundaram,
Zarija Lukic, Vadim Roytershteyn, Michael J. Anderson, Yushu Yao, Prabhat, and
Pradeep Dubey.  It will read datasets from an H5Part file generated by VPIC or
VPIC-IO using the same I/O trace as the BD-CATS implementation of the DBSCAN
algorithm.

For my (Glenn K. Lockwood's) documentation on this benchmark, see [my VPIC-IO
page][2] at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.

Copyright Notice
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BD-CATS-IO, Copyright (c) 2015, The Regents of the University of California, 
through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any 
required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy).  All rights reserved.
 
If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this software,
please contact Berkeley Lab's Innovation & Partnerships Office at
IPO@lbl.gov.
 
NOTICE.  This Software was developed under funding from the U.S. Department
of Energy and the U.S. Government consequently retains certain rights. As
such, the U.S. Government has been granted for itself and others acting on
its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license in the
Software to reproduce, distribute copies to the public, prepare derivative
works, and perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit other to do
so.

See the included `LICENSE` file for the full licensing terms.

[1]: http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2807591.2807616
[2]: https://sites.google.com/a/lbl.gov/glennklockwood/benchmarks-tools/vpic-io-benchmark
